README.MD, before:

## Week 2 Homework

# Description
The main purpose of this project is to create my very own portfolio page with what I have learned, HTML and CSS.

While creating my portfolio page, I will have to utilize basic HTML codes to write out the header, a navigation panel, three sections about myself, for my portfolios, and ways to contact me, and finally a footer section.  After writing out the HTML, I have designed my portfolio page to be simple yet accessible.  

I had programmed my portfolio so that when clicking on the navigation tab, the user will be directed to the selected section.  Even more so, when the users click on my various projects, they will be directed to the desired project webpages.

Futhermore, I have created an accessbility-friendly webpage because if my portfolio is viewed on a mobile phone or tablet, they will find my portfolio webpage scaled down to their devices' screen resolutions.

After finishing the webpage, I am able to create a webpage that will ensure the users a great time browsing through my webpages and will come across user-friendly webpages across all media platforms.  

# Installation
Starting out with the HTML page, I have decided to have three main sections: the header, main body, and the footer.  The header will contain a logo look-alike with my name on the top left and a navigation bar on the top right of the page.  The body will contain 3 sections: an **About-Me** section, a **Project** section, and a **Contact-Me** section.  The **About-Me** section will contain a short introduction to myself, the **Project** section will contain my current and past projects, and the **Contact-Me** section will contain my email, phone number, GitHub page, and LinkedIn page.  Finally, the footer will contain a copyright statement.

As for the design, I am going for a simple page where only the header and footers' background will have a light orange color and the body will have a white background. The text will simply be black texts to provide the best contast to the light-colored background.  

Starting with the header, I have designed it so that if the user clicks on the logo, they will be brought back to the top.  By utilizing the navigation section on the top right, the users will be able to jump to the specific parts in my portfolio page.  

Moving on to the **About-Me** section, I start out with a title and a brief introduction to myself and locate the avatar placeholder image below the introduction.  I have designated the **About-Me** section as a flex container, so the entire section can be grouped together.

Similar to the **About-Me** section, I have a title and a short description of the **Projects** section introducting my portfolios.  Below the description, I have two projects.  Each project has a title of it's own, a sample picture , and a short description of the project.  I have designed each project so that by clicking on the image, the users will be directed to the deployed project page.  As for the designing of the **Projects** section, I have also created a flex container (individual project) within a flex container (the **Projects** section).  In addition to the flex properties, I have styled this section so that if the width of the monitor or screen is smaller than a certain size, the projects will reposition themselves into a column.  Furthermore, I wanted to highlight the first project that I have worked on, so I have enlarged my first project.

The Contact-Me section, again, contains a sentence welcoming anyone to reach out to me.  I have my email, phone number (fake), and two icons linking to my GitHub Page and LinkedIn page.  I have designed the welcoming sentence so that the width of forms an upside down triangle.

Finally, I have the footer with a line with my copyright.

# Usage

# Credits

# License
Copyright (c) [2022] [Andrew P. Lee]

Commit message:

added to the Installation section and added the Usage section

README.MD, after:

## Week 2 Homework

# Description
The main purpose of this project is to create my very own portfolio page with what I have learned, HTML and CSS.

While creating my portfolio page, I will have to utilize basic HTML codes to write out the header, a navigation panel, three sections about myself, for my portfolios, and ways to contact me, and finally a footer section.  After writing out the HTML, I have designed my portfolio page to be simple yet accessible.  

I had programmed my portfolio so that when clicking on the navigation tab, the user will be directed to the selected section.  Even more so, when the users click on my various projects, they will be directed to the desired project webpages.

Futhermore, I have created an accessbility-friendly webpage because if my portfolio is viewed on a mobile phone or tablet, they will find my portfolio webpage scaled down to their devices' screen resolutions.

After finishing the webpage, I am able to create a webpage that will ensure the users a great time browsing through my webpages and will come across user-friendly webpages across all media platforms.  

# Installation
Starting out with the HTML page, I have decided to have three main sections: the header, main body, and the footer.  The header will contain a logo look-alike with my name on the top left and a navigation bar on the top right of the page.  The body will contain 3 sections: an **About-Me** section, a **Project** section, and a **Contact-Me** section.  The **About-Me** section will contain a short introduction to myself, the **Project** section will contain my current and past projects, and the **Contact-Me** section will contain my email, phone number, GitHub page, and LinkedIn page.  Finally, the footer will contain a copyright statement.

As for the design, I am going for a simple page where only the header and footers' background will have a light orange color and the body will have a white background. The text will simply be black texts to provide the best contast to the light-colored background.  

Starting with the header, I have designed it so that if the user clicks on the logo, they will be brought back to the top.  By utilizing the navigation section on the top right, the users will be able to jump to the specific parts in my portfolio page.  

Moving on to the **About-Me** section, I start out with a title and a brief introduction to myself and locate the avatar placeholder image below the introduction.  I have designated the **About-Me** section as a flex container, so the entire section can be grouped together.

Similar to the **About-Me** section, I have a title and a short description of the **Projects** section introducting my portfolios.  Below the description, I have two projects.  Each project has a title of it's own, a sample picture , and a short description of the project.  I have designed each project so that by clicking on the image, the users will be directed to the deployed project page.  As for the designing of the **Projects** section, I have also created a flex container (individual project) within a flex container (the **Projects** section).  In addition to the flex properties, I have styled this section so that if the width of the monitor or screen is smaller than a certain size, the projects will reposition themselves into a column.  Furthermore, I wanted to highlight the first project that I have worked on, so I have enlarged my first project.

The **Contact-Me** section, again, contains a sentence welcoming anyone to reach out to me.  I have my email, phone number (fake), and two icons linking to my GitHub Page and LinkedIn page.  I have designed the welcoming sentence so that the width of forms an upside down triangle.

Finally, I have the footer with a line with my copyright.

To enable mobile view, I have added a "@media" syntax, which will allow specific formatting of the page once reached a lower screen resolution.

# Usage

Here is a screenshot of my portfolio page.
![sample image for my portofolio page with header, about-me, and the top part of my projects section](/assets/images/Portfolio%20Sample.png)

Here is the screenshot of my portfolio page in mobile view.  As seen, the projects have stacked on top of eachother because the webpage is viewed with an iphone 12, in this case.
![sample image for my portfolio page in mobile view](/assets/images/portfolio-sample-mobile.png)


# Credits

# License
Copyright (c) [2022] [Andrew P. Lee]
